math formulary - restructured function page for rot_a_to_b and added raises, example section (#2824)
PlasmaPy/PlasmaPy: changelog/2824.doc.rst

> Restructured sub-sections of the rot_a_to_b documentation to be consistent with other pages and added 'Raises', 'Example' sub-section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Restructured subsections of the `~plasmapy.formulary.mathematics.rot_a_to_b` documentation to be consistent with other pages, and added 'Raises' and 'Example' subsections.
```
📝 This suggestion will make it so that `rot_a_to_b` gets linked to from the online documentation.
